Add sql-format extension (#14144)
raycast/extensions: extensions/sql-format/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

> ## [Added Format SQL] - 2024-08-23

Author: I solved it.

> ## [Added Format SQL] - 2024-08-23

Reviewer: Nice, please resolve all the comments you have solved already.

# Changelog

> ## [Added Format Selected SQL command] - {PR_MERGE_DATE}
> 
> - Added new command to format sql clause selected in the foremost editor.
> 
> ## [Added Format SQL] - {PR_MERGE_DATE}
> 
> - Initial version, support format a SQL cluase string stored in clipboard and copies/pastes it back

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [Initial Version] - {PR_MERGE_DATE}

- Added a comment to format a SQL clause string stored in clipboard and copy/paste it back.
- Added new command to format sql clause selected in the foremost editor.
```
